Over the last lectures we learn a lot about the core features of view chairs and that is amazing.
But there is one use case we haven't covered yet we learned how we can output something here with the
curly braces for element for example.
Let me make a little bit broader.
So here we learnt this syntax.
But what if we actually don't want to output some text but we want to dynamically set some HVM attribute
or property in general.
So you've were a list item and I'm just splitting this over multiple lines to make it easier to read.
I'm still on the list item here.
Let me add this.
And here again.
So on this list item let's say I want to add an ID to it.
And this idea of course shipbuilder namak too.
Now we could have an idea which is something like element and then maybe we'll call it bracers element
here.
And let's name this L to avoid confusion.
So element between the braces should refer to the number increasing number we're storing in disarray.
However Vahid control enter U.S. This works but we get an error.
If we open the console.
The reason for this is that with the curly braces syntax we can really just output text and we can't
output text here.
When we bind to an attribute However there is an easy way of fixing this instead of setting the element
value like this.
We can use a number directive.
The bind which tells you chess hey I want to bind some property or attribute office HVM l element to
a dynamic value non dynamic would be hardcoded like with an existing Id like just one.
This is hard code it doesn't change dynamic with the bind it works like this we have that directive
and just like with the on we now have to tell you chess.
OK.
Which element or which property do you want to bind.
We do this with a colon.
And then the name of the attributes here ID does is one important implication whatever we have between
quotation marks here is now analyzed by the U.K.'s and it will try to find a method or a data property
in our view instance which matches whatever we write.
But when there or basically it will try to resolve this.
If we had some shallow strip code between quotation marks that would work to L-1 won't work because
that's never a data property nor a method nor valid Javascript code.
But what I can do now is I can add a string with single quotation marks because a string again is valid.
Javascript code which could be l den plus to concatenate the string and then output element an element.
Now we'll refer to this variable in our loop here because again it's resolved dynamically by the U.K.'s.
And if we do this and open up the developer tools and hit Control enter clear to console to get rid
of the old error and we hit a new element we see no error anymore.
And if we inspect the element we indeed see that we got dynamic IDs here.
So with the bind we can bind to properties attributes of h m l elements which is not possible with the
curly braces syntax.